"Terms and Conditions"
By using the ''Seafamily'' Application you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (''Terms and Conditions'')
The main language of the Application content is English (international maritime language)
If you are not agree or do not understand any clause of these rules or found that you are not agree with these rules, being in process of using the Application already – you shouldn’t continue to use the Application and should delete your data via your account settings or ask the administration to do it instead of you.
The Application administration is not responsible for the incorrect understanding of these rules as well as for the incorrect translation from English to any other language by users.
By accepting this Agreement, you agree with following rules:

1. Public content
By submitting any public Content to the Application for inclusion on the Application, you grant Application administration a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content for the purpose of displaying, distributing, promoting, marketing or any other lawful use. If you leave information anywhere on the Application, post material to the Application, post links in the Application, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Application, You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party.

2. Account security
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your user area account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must immediately notify Application administration of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Application administration will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

3. Newsletter and notifications
If you choose to register and use any services in the Applicaton ''Seafamily'', you agree to receive a periodical newsletter from our team. Our newsletter is made to keep you up to date with Application developments, updates, releases, new relevant vacancies, new CVs and other relevant items. You can also create your own subscriptions accordingly to your user account type: vacancies notifications, new applicants’ CVs notifications etc. You can unsubscribe from this mailing at any time you like by clicking the unsubscribe buttons inside of your account.

4. Responsibility of Application users and visitors
By operating the Application, administration does not take responsibility for any or all of the contributed content, or that it believes such material to be accurate, truthful, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself from any kind of scam and your mobile system from viruses or destructive content. The Application may contain user's content is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Administration disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting to uses and visitors of the Application

The Administration reserves the right to:

1. Modify the Application any time in its sole discretion. The Application is provide ''as is''.

2. Change fees, services, expiry dates.

3. Decline users’ request for registration in the Application, or delete users’ accounts in case of infringement of this terms, also without an explanation.

4. Edit or delete any content published in the Application, if it doesn’t comply with these terms, is harmful to the Application or any third party, and at for its sole discretion for any reason.

5. Amend the Terms and Conditions unilaterally. It is your responsibility to check it periodically.

Privacy Policy and Personal Data protection:

1. The aim and mission of the Application:
Application is mainly constructed for the purposes and services of personal data provision in the form of resume / CV / profile by jobseekers to the potential employers for the aim of job finding. The minimum volume of requested user's personal data is defined by the Application in connection with the main services functionality and proper operation of the system accordingly to the main aim and mission. No personal data, other than what is necessary, is requested!.
The additional volume of personal information is defined by user accordingly to own understanding of the applying process for the aim of job finding.

2. Is your information being collected and processed?
Application user by creating and posting CV and / or other data in the Application and / or by sending CV and / or other similar emails to email addresses of companies and / or other users of the Application voluntarily provided by Application administration, as well as employers / companies / managers that have access to this Application, its unconditional consent to the processing of his personal data (contained in the summary, communications and / or other information collected and / or posted in the Application and / or sent to other users of the Application.

3. What is processing of information?
The processing of personal data includes any act and / or a set of actions that are associated with the collection, recording, accumulation, storage, adaptation, alteration, renovation, use and distribution (implementation, transfer), removing personal information in order to provide services of the Application

4. What information is being collected?"
The volume of personal information, provided by user under his consent, which may be processed and which can be included in the databases of personal data (including personal data base of CVs), is defined as any information about the user (which is housed in an executive summary and / or other data collected and / or in the Application and / or letters sent with it), which will become known to the Application administration, as well as to any third party using the Application.

5. Why is it being collected?
The collection, storage and processing of personal data is to provide personalized services to the Application user, including access to a private section, authorization, password reminder, publication and sending resumes, targeting advertisements, with users, including notifications, requests and information regarding use of the Application, services, processing of user requests, as well as other site services accordingly to the main aim and mission.

6. Right to change and delete information
User can change (update, supplement) his personal data (account / profile / CV), or part of them at any time 24/7. 
User may complete remove / delete his user account / profile / CV and all personal data from the Application using the settings of his account at any time 24/7. User may also ask the administration to help with deleting his personal data in case of any difficulties.
After a deleting of user account / profile / CV, the processing of personal data (by means / in connection with Application) is completely stopped. 
